What? Didn’t you tell me to be careful with my tone?
Yes, if you get down by yourself, you will still be blown up by others.
But it's too far off.
If that little girl just now really blew you up,
You already have a tongue in your neck now.
Come on, I'll go down now. Where are you?
Young man, here you are, why have you become like this?
This is my true minister,
I have been dead for decades,
Can anyone take away this teardrop?
As a descendant of the mistress monster, how dare you beat your little Du Shui?
You know millions
My people are all 19th generation sailors.
Your karma was once a healing friend
I saw a ghost when you were four years old
Then you know that there are five and six people on the whole machine
They don't keep track of all their karma
Was kicked out of the school
Is this true? I will accompany you.
The kid on the whole machine who was also mutilated just now is also gay.
Expelled from the school
He is also known as a kind and decent person.
How could he be expelled from the school?
But these five old and six people
Being good at princess
You need to watch "Create Me Without Lao Liu"
Attacking is so damn good, I roll my eyes
Did you really choose to give up?
Grandpa’s whereabouts are unknown now, boy.
You don't treat me right, grandpa
He supports his destiny
Disregard its directors
I'd rather come to Guangling Town instead.
Is this really considered tight?
Whatever you do, you'll die
It's such a pity
Go ahead boy
I agree with you
Liu Li will live here for you
The injured one
It’s up to you to make sure you feel at ease
Waiting for this
I must have tried it for you